Fix trace formatting (#107)
yiisoft/log: CHANGELOG.md

- New #104: Add new static methods `Logger::assertLevelIsValid()`, `Logger::assertLevelIsString()` and
  `Logger::assertLevelIsSupported()` (@vjik)
- Chg #104: Deprecate method `Logger::validateLevel()` (@vjik)

> - Bug #98: Fix error on format trace, when it don't contain "file" and "line" items (@vjik)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #98: Fix error on formatting trace, when it doesn't contain "file" and "line" (@vjik)
```
